Timelines is entirely run through CS50 IDE. All necessary files are contained within the folder 'testing.' They are:
    (within static)
        scripts.js
        styles.css
    (within templates)
        choice.html
        intro.html
        novel.html
        parttwo.html
        template.html
        test.html
    (solely within testing)
        application.py
        design.txt
        documentation.txt
To run the website, change directories in the command line to be within the 'testing' folder, i.e., cd ~/workspace/testing. Then run 
with flask, via: flask run. 

Opening the website via the IDE's web server will bring you to the intro page, which says "Welcome to Timelines." Clicking 'enter' 
takes you to the next page. On this page, clicking 'instructions' will take you to the web site's instruction page, clicking 'get 
started' takes you to the next page.

When you click instructions, you'll be brought to that page. At the bottom are two buttons, 'homepage' and 'get started,' which take 
you back to the 'welcome to timelines' intro page and the 'get started/choice' page, respectively. 

Clicking 'get started,' on either page on which it appears, brings you to a page where you must choose what type of project you're 
working on: either an event or a novel. Clicking on event takes you to the event-planning page, clicking on the novel takes you to 
the novel-planning page.

On the event planning page, you must first create a project by inputting a name, start date (i.e. when you're beginning to plan an 
event), and end date. These will map to the timeline when you press 'create'. Then add tasks via the "add task" function. Add a start 
and end date (within the range of the event's start and end dates), a task name, and an actor (the person assigned to the task). This 
will also map to the timeline in the appropriate location. As you add tasks to the timeline, they will be replicated in a list on the 
bottom of the screen. This page also contains links to the homepage and the instructions. 

The novel planning page is similar to the event plannning page, but more structured. Input the name of the novel, a one sentence plot 
summary, the instigating event, and the resolution. They will add to the timeline when you press 'create.' Then add the rising action, 
climax, and falling action by filling in the appropriate input boxes and pressing 'plot.' This page also has links back to the homepage 
and instructions. 



description video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MppLURZIP2U